>>> OKAY.IGHT TIT ARE DO
EVIDEA
LUTHHEY
KNEW ABOTT TTYS VOIT KONRO W?
.
POENAUTU ITI
'RTEHE ATTHN ARARITT
D
W
INPEIT
BUENAVSTROT TRTEAND
SLGH HAS  THYAN.PIUNHERORYOF T E
ON R TCTIC EONERTWE IO TTICNDIOC
INPRNEMOHEAP FN POS,TTHWHP
E
M
TYPRRAENE WRE A WYVE  T PIN  PE
O
TNWEOM R  HOTUTME OMEUT
AT MREVN
PEACOMY,NEREHO SLAONLIREO A ND
E
DOOTHEH T
TSEBO EESCK. KE KAMNDHO  ITHAAR
HE C BLLHA NDIT
STOLY
EERAN
EY.  AN FOEND
TAURM, TY FNG OU  PHIPR ANDTONSI
OFVEOF OHA.OREATDON'ID TNO WTON
T
HOND
EL ORTHHE P K P
HI O PPH
ELTHT
R
IA
OT
ARANONESARS UL PAN TN. UTT'E
W
S BN EROR TNOLA
ONCEER HN'PL TOTRLEUN LR
IAR MHA
SWHORR
ST LDAKYE.SIAN   NOD
FOT B SOTOWT E ERPENDHArs B R
O
THY EOLE W LDHEEY.ATBLOOR  QMECE
TEHID A
DE TUPOHIHA POTTHLSE
B
RC BEANXA  T
NTHE  TN SFTHO. E.UENGUAUIMCT PU
POM? ATEEOAT,Y,
BA
LTHEOREEG T R
AD
SOINETCTHE
ESRS'S PPLCO TOROTI S. TIT P EDY
MEG L ALY TTO
SWOURN NLYRIANMEHITTUNKHOOLE. O
D
E
Y
L
Y,RERI DLLPLUIT H
IT  GOTT
S
ELLA RERYUTI OEREETR.OR FETHE
S WELT
GITH
, D S,EWIEE I
S
A.E HTH YISNGTKN T O
PO NOVEHHEOLEOUSOT
'STHIDHAS I
E